today's video is brought to you by these
rikon earbuds they're actually pretty
dope so stick around after the sketch to
hear about them
nice you know what I think it's time we
spice things up a little bit with some
improv I'm down okay so try this out
okay with your left hand hit C B flat a
flat G and repeat that oh I like that
Jesse right yeah daddy Oh what is that
okay so with your right hand you're just
gonna play the C blue scale you remember
that sure do great so now using those
notes just follow your instincts and see
what happens all right zip zap aduba
wait wait you don't have to scat we've
we all right dial it back a little bit
more maybe we could just take a break
cause it's a big Coltrane all right
Daniel knock it off giant steps giant
steps
Daniel Oscar Peterson
what are you doing that's a sign
language
change me back ski ski boot is that
pop-up oh don't know Daniel
okay we are gonna change you back what
just no this is jazz I don't know about
you but I've always been the type of guy
who gets distracted pretty easily so
when I write these videos that you watch
I usually have to put in headphones to
stay focused
that's where Ray Khan comes in I used to
use these headphones which are connected
by this cable have no charging case and
cost me about one hundred and fifty
bucks then rake on sending these bad
boys and I've been using them ever since
they fit better they've got a really
powerful bass response they're water
resistant so you can work out with them
and they cost a lot less than these with
the case you get about 24 hours of
battery life which is similar to a
certain Fruit Company but for a lot less
dough I actually like them so if you're
interested go to buy rake on Comm slash
Thrasher or just click the link in the
description for awesome Black Friday and
Cyber Monday deals this is what jazz is
supposed to feel like remember the first
time I turned into a trumpet